If you're missing data,
you really only have two options,
you can delete data,
or you can fill in the missing values.
Here's what I mean when I say delete data.
Take a look at this DataFrame,
most of the columns or features,
if we're talking about machine learning,
are completely filled with data except for this one here,
this one has quite a lot of missing values,
it's probably best to delete this column from you analysis
unless you can somehow find the missing values from another source.
What about this row over here?
This row is also missing quite a lot of values,
if you feel like it won't affect your analysis,
you could remove this row from the data,
deleting data however, isn't
your only option you can also try to fill in those missing values.
Next, let's talk about some of these techniques.